Add 6th batch of SQL reference content (#2667)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/sql-reference/sql-data-types.md

In general, the two best practices when it comes to dates and times are:
1. Keep (or convert) timestamps to the same timezone.
2. Keep date types in the most specific date-type as possible: you can always zoom out of a timestamp to get a date, but can’t get a timestamp from a date. 

You’ll ultimately leverage handy date functions to zoom in and out of dates, convert dates, or add times to dates.

## Booleans

A boolean is a column value that is either true, false, or null. In your datasets, you’ll use booleans to create `is_` or `has_` fields to create clear segments in your data; for example, you may use booleans to indicate whether a customer has churned (`has_churned`) or denote employee records (`is_employee`), or filter out records that have been removed from your source data (`is_deleted`). 

Typically, you’ll see `True` or `False` as the actual boolean values in a column, but may also choose to use numeric values, such as 1 and 0, to represent true and false values. The strings of `True` and `False`, however, tend to be a bit easier to read and interpret for end business users.

## Semi-structured data types

> Semi-structured data types are a great way to combine or aggregate data across multiple fields; you may also find yourself in the inverse situation where you need to unpack semi-structured data, such as a [JSON](/terms/json) object, and unnest it into its individual key-value pair. The two primary semi-structured data types you’ll see across data warehouses are JSON and arrays. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semi-structured data types are a great way to combine or aggregate data across multiple fields; you may also find yourself in the inverse situation where you need to unpack semi-structured data, such as a <Term id="json">JSON</Term> object, and unnest it into its individual key-value pair. The two primary semi-structured data types you’ll see across data warehouses are JSON and arrays. 
```
